I think we're to the point again where we should probably do a little more cleanup if we select say
this object here we can see this is it.
And it's called sphere and that's not quite right let's call it arm and this down here.
We could call it leg and we go.
And also this empty object we can call that reference image.
There we go.
And this collection of items right here we could change the name of that as well and we could just call
this character and sense the reference image is it's kind of is its own thing.
Actually we could just select this scene collection up top right click and create a new collection and
call this reference and we could just take that empty and drag it into that collection there and that
cleans the outline or up just a bit.
And also what we could do now is we could go ahead and hide the character right here just so we hide
that whole thing.
And then if I select the scene collection and create a new object with this selected it will create
it outside of the character collection so we can still see it in the 3-D view.
So for the hand let's go ahead and create a cylinder we can see here that's pretty much a cylinder so
let's press shift a and create a cylinder here.
We don't need 32.
Let's take it down to 16 and for the cap fill we don't need anything.
So let's just choose nothing and we go now well let's do is turn it in the x all press are x 9 0 and
hit enter and now let's go to that front view again.
And if I go to wireframe right here we can see that cylinder in the view I'll hit G and move it up to
about here where the hand is going to be and then I'll hit s and scale it down quite a bit so we get
it just generally the right size.
It doesn't have to be perfect at this point in time.
So maybe about like that.
All right.
So now if we tumble around and hit the Z key and go back to solid view it looks like the hand isn't
quite this deep soulless press s and y and maybe scaled down just a bit like this.
And with that opening here on the bottom maybe we should delete a few frames or a few faces down here
with tab in the edit mode and hit the three key maybe we can choose these bases right down here and
let's hit X and delete bases and there we go so now we've got that basic shape now there's a bit of
a curve here on the back of the hand.
So let's let's work on that if we get the one key and go to vertex mode and we select this vertex and
this one we can move these forward like this.
But the other ones need to come along and to do that what let's use is the proportional editing tool
so up here you can see if you pull this menu down you have the proportional editing tool.
We can enable it here by clicking this.
And now if I hit G you can see let me scroll the mouse wheel and like this you can see we've got the
area of influence right here so if I move around you can see the influence changes as I scroll this.
Now I'm going to hit the escape key to get out of that and what I want to do is just pull it forward
only so I'll press G and y and just pull forward like this.
Now I will scroll the mouse wheel and see if I can get it a little bit more curved like this.
We don't have a whole lot of polygons to work with here but we can still get kind of a hint of a curve
here I think maybe something like this.
There we go.
So we have that kind of curve there at the at the back of the hand.
All right.
So now that we've done that we can go ahead and turn off the proportional editing tool and we can do
that with the shortcut.
Oh so I'll just hit 0 and that'll turn that off.
Now let's give it some thickness.
We can do that by tapping back into object mode and coming over here to the modifiers panel right here
and click Add modifier and we can go to solidify if we click here you can see it just added a little
bit of thickness there but not a whole lot.
If we hit the end key and take a look at our scale and our rotation they aren't ones and zeros.
They they have some non uniform values here and we really need uniform values in our scale and rotation
when using a modifier like this solidify modifier.
So let's once again press control a and let's choose rotation and scale in the apply menu.
And when we do that you can see the thickness gets a little more pronounced.
It's more even.
We could also come over here and click on even thickness and that helps as well.
But now what let's do is click on this thickness field and click and drag and bring that in some and
I'll even hold the shift key down as I click and drag and that'll make things a little bit smoother
as I drag that in maybe something like this and we go.
Now if I tab into edit mode you can see this thickness is just kind of a preview.
It isn't real per say we can come over here and turn it off and turn it on in the viewport to bake this
geometry into the object.
We need to tab back into object mode and come over here and click apply.
So I'll do that.
And now you can see all that geometry is there.
All right.
So let's now go back to that front view with the one key and if we grab these edges here I'm just going
to grab this one edge and I just want to hit G and move it like this.
So we have a bit of this point or flat part here and I'll grab this edge as well go back to that front
view and hit G and just move that up as well like that.
OK.
So we're getting there we have that basic shape now I'd like to add a bevel or two both at the tip of
the finger type areas here and along the edges.
And I think what I need to do first is this fingertip area before I do that.
Let me go to the vertex tool and just select these vertices right here and I want to pull them back
so they line up again when I dragged that edge in it kind of through these out of alignment.
Here we go.
So I just want to bring those back just a little bit like that.
All right.
So now if I go to edge mode and I select this edge and this edge let's go ahead and Bevel these I'll
press control B and drag the mouse out to about like this let's say and then I'll add a few segments
here and just click and there we go then we can make that a little bit bigger if we want by clicking
and dragging on the width.
I don't think I want it quite that big maybe something like that.
I think I better make it more like this.
There you go.
OK so now I'll go ahead and select these edges along here without click.
Alt shift click here and in here and then I'll come around to the back and alt shift click these back
here as well like that.
So we select all of those all at once and now with all that selected I'll press control B again and
let's add another little devil right in here.
I don't think I need this many I can take this down to three maybe yeah let's try that and there we
go.
So now we've got those devils all the way around.
And in addition let's go ahead and try and smooth these.
All right.
Click choose shade smooth.
And that helps quite a bit actually.
Let's go over to the object data.
Turn on auto smooth.
You can see an edge right there.
That's not too bad but I think what I'll do is go ahead and slide that up a little bit more and try
and get rid of those.
So we don't see that.
All right.
Also I feel like this edge right here those could be pulled forward just a bit right in here.
This and this but I'll need to drag these forward as well.
So what let's do is just go to wireframe.
The one key to go to vertex mode and then and then I'll come over here choose the select tool click
and drag these go back to the move tool and maybe pull these in just a little bit like this.
Let's see how that works.
Yeah.
That may have helped a bit.
Okay.
So now that we have the basic shape of the hand in the next video what let's do is create the wrist
coming out of the hand that will then insert into the sleeve.